today I will be teaching you how to do
in ensley count ok so I've got four
cards here now you notice one of the
cards turned faces up ok now here's the
employee count that's what it looks like
all right I just showed you four cards
or at least it looks like it and I bet
you're wondering why did I see the face
up card well that's what it does it
hides the face up card ok and we're for
this to work you have the card you want
to have cards you want to hide don't
need it in third position and the third
position in the cards ok here's what you
do you know like this you can hold like
this it's a little harder to hold it
like that but you can't do it with
practice but i'll just show you this way
for you know good old sake ok this way
do you take the top card and you slide
it off ok and then you put it on the
bottom and while you're putting it on
the bottom you're going to slide out two
cards right I know it looks like one but
it's actually two cards hiding there see
it ok and when you push off the two
cards underneath you're going to grab it
grab the card that you want and you're
putting under it and grab that ok just
like that so now it looks like you have
two cards here and then you can slide
that off and you slide that off ok so
again push it off steal the card push
two off and there you go and that's how
you do it I hope is explained well if it
wasn't please let me know and I'll redo
the video trying to explain it and give
you better angles and all that but one
more time well that's been the third
position so one more times and that
speed that's what it looks like huh
thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed please subscribe please comment
more videos to come